ten hi I'm putting together a special
team we're gonna be doing one thing one
thing owners killing Nazis sound good
yes sir I'm gonna assume you know who we
are
everybody in the German Army's heard of
you you probably heard we ain't in the
prisoner taking business we into killing
Nazi business and cousin business is
a-booming you ever wanna eat it
sauerkraut sandwich again take your
wiener schnitzel they can finger boy own
this man up on I wanna know I
respectfully refuse hey darling got
German here what's that country blah him
an American Secret Service had four
lives deep behind enemy lines the
Germans call them the bastards
these Yanks have been then the devil
were article he'd say that the Germans
watering a gamma premium in attendance
boasts the German High Command
[Music]
double agent she'll take it from there
you're getting us in that premiere
that's suicide
what else we going to go home what's the
plan
it's punch those goons out to take their
machine doesn't ours and that's blasting
that's a plan that's about it or not
something you don't know it guys
attendings premiere getting a whack
okay Dolph mixes a horse different color
we have all our rotten eggs in one
basket
the objective of your operation blow up
the basket
[Music]
[Applause]
won't give you little something can't
take off yeah getting pretty good you
know in the hands of the assists my
hands to be exactly
I know I know yes yes yes yes